# PillowPath
As college students with busy schedules, we can get stressed out and have trouble taking care of our everyday mental well being. In addition, with our busy schedules, we often have problems when it comes to being organized and staying on top of our sleep schedule. This is what led us to create PillowPath. This project uses personal journal entries and Google Gemini to determine the best course of action to succeed and feel energized in their everyday life.

# Software Components
Frameworks: React Native, Expo

Languages: TypeScript, JavaScript

APIs: Gemini APIs, npm/expo APIs

# How It Works
PillowPath takes personal journal entries that are inputted by the user. These entries are fed into our AI model Pluma the Pillow, which is powered by Google Gemini. Pluma then analyzes the response from the user on how to confront or embrace their feelings while also giving suggestions to create reminders in the future to help set them up for success. Users can create reminders on the app using our calendar feature and also receive notifications throughout the day on their mobile device. This app provides a robust UI experience to help ease the mind while the user chronicles their daily journal.

# Setup
- Download the source code from the main branch of this repo
- Download the Expo Go App on your iOS device
- Run 'npm install' in your terminal to install necessary packages
- Run 'npx expo start' in your terminal
- Scan the QR code in the terminal to open the server on your mobile device. To run on a web browser, type 'w' in the terminal.
- Install all the necessary packages needed if errors persist. 
- To quit the server, press 'ctrl-c'

# Future Development
We would like to scale our application by possibly including a database to store all the journal entries, reminders, and possibly more features. We would also like to directly import reminders generated by Google Gemini into the calendar portion without having to add these reminders manually.

